hey guys welcome to the skill move
tutorial this time it is not about the
burbs pin which is one of the best
killer moves on theses 15 the downside
about it is that it's the forced or
skill move but we can use this move to
go directly to the go as you can see on
screen right now we can use it to cut
inside on the wings and we can also use
it diagonally as we will see later and
here we can see maybe the best thing
about the skill move modesta you can use
it first touch it's a great thing that
you can use this move after al otro ball
to go first touch and cut inside like
Messi oh does here right now but let us
now first check out how you do this
amazing skill move first you lose the
right stick in the direction of it so
we're already walking and then after
that you put the right stick in the
direction in which you want to exit so
you push it up if you're walking up and
then you push it to the right if you
want to exit to the right let's check
out now the first section of this
tutorial which is the cut inside if
you're on the wing usually you will may
want to consider cutting inside and the
pelvis pain is just a great way to do
that we can see here that we may want to
cut inside so how can we do that we can
do that with the burbs pain ever do the
body faint i think i might just bump
into that opponent there so the burbs
pin is a great option if you suspect
that might just happen we were true here
again on the side of the plates and we
want to cut inside but we cannot use
your body fit because you might just
bump into our phone and so therefore we
use the purpose pain to get through
there and we avoid bumping into our
opponent the great thing about your
pelvis witness just like India will let
you keep our back in between your
opponents and the ball and therefore it
offers a protective all feature your
opponent cannot take your ball because
Rose guitar back between the opponent
and the ball and that's actually the
best thing about the scale movies that
you protective ball with it you're very
close to the opponent but we youtubers
pin and therefore our back is in between
your opponent and the ball and therefore
it kind of take the ball you can see the
very well in the slow my hair our nada
just keep is back in between the
opponent ND ball and therefore the
opponent no way the opponent
tebow there we get the easy penalty kick
and we're here on the wing again and we
just use the burbs pin to cut inside
then we do the reverse step over just
like in last tutorial and we get the
goal in there now the first touch babe
spain i said i think this is the most
amazing thing about the skill move if
you give a low true ball it is very easy
to do a first edge burb burb pain we're
going to see in a couple of seconds how
you exactly do that the Duke it messy
air it does a first touch kill move he
doesn't control the ball first it does a
skill move even before controlling the
ball and therefore you're going to
surprise a lot of opponents if you do
that so how do you do that at this point
you have to perform the Berber spin so
before you control the ball you have to
perform the burbs pin and this was
actually the McGee disappearance of five
so skill move it's the same combination
five-shot killers will do that if
they're walking slowly but Aries you're
going to want to do the first touch
babes pain so at this point you have to
push the right stick to the left and
then down so we also do a first
aspergers pain and we get to create easy
red card because of that and to kind of
pass it into messy now it is actually
going to look a little bit weird but
trust me that was a first i've ever
spent somehow man she did a different
animation I'm to be honest not sure what
caused that but the daphne was a fish
out paper spin we do a nice counter
attack here with a pro club and i need a
first baseman i need to scale move was
going to offer me a protective wall
feature and i wanted to cut inside at
the same point as well and here we're
going diagonally down with you're gonna
see in the next section how you can use
the burbs spin if you're walking
diagonally it's actually a great thing
to do and i try to finish that with a
chip shot to get an amazing goal because
we're ready for no up show but let's get
to the next section our diagonally you
see with that we're gonna dare going
diagonally backwards but that's actually
one of the best situations in which you
can use the burbs pin because your
opponent things isn't a little bit of a
safe position when you walk in diagonal
a backwards and then you can surprise
him with the papers being cut inside
this box because he never expects you to
do that we're walking backwards and then
suddenly you do the burbs pin we cut
inside and now it's dangerous opponent
cannot stop it anymore he was caught and
surprise there so if walking diagonally
we're walking to the sideline he thinks
these things is a little bit in a safe
position and then we do the pelvic pain
so if you're going diag
it's a great way that you can surprise
your opponent with the pepper spray and
we do a ball row 28 a foodie goalkeeper
and we get it for 23 in there indeed and
now to get through one-on-one in d'box
we are on gearbox now and we usually
fish that fake shot it's actually a
great idea you said to the burbs pinned
up with the first a fake shot if you
want to go all the way to the
goalkeepers if they're on the box you
might do a fake shot and then there to
set up the burbs pain and then do the
birth then after that you can actually
go one-on-one with the goalkeeper off in
this kill move you can see why we need
to be a first half a cup right here we
just hit the first arts group there and
now we can see that Ramos is running up
to keep cracker pie of us and because
it's running up that means that we can
abuse this momentum with to build up in
and cut inside and get one on one with
the goalkeeper indeed there's going to
be the end of this tutorial if you
enjoyed please leave a like subscribe to
my channel this was soo t see you next
time